[Music]
this is Crimea in early 2017 nearly
three years after the Russian takeover
it is the day of the founders of the
fatherland in other words a very
patriotic celebration exactly for the
people of Sebastopol who you Thursday to
celebrate their pride in Russia delusion
upon you March till you see the
preschool would you do mr. widgets for
coupons
TechnoMarine rockets of occupatus in
missoula soy Buber the vanishing of the
Maire see you
Nancy diode naturally honest at cheesier
e natural muesli inertia Buddha she
about nowit's ric in a controversial
referendum even 95% of crimeans voted to
join Russia in 2014 the annexation and
the referendum are not recognized
internationally many of the crimeans we
met were eager to obtain their Russian
citizenship but there s Iranian Sherpa
today ownership is perfect on windy
Street in the spelling her CLE Nastya a
lot of crimeans are hoping for a return
to the peninsula's glory days when it
was known as a popular tourist
destination for Sevilla illipe
vacationing along the Black Sea coast
we're in the southern town of a loose
tow which has seen a massive amount of
development over the last three years
that's largely thanks to a mr. alexander
leather leather dev is a russian
billionaire with a combative reputation
[Music]
he spotted an opportunity for an
energetic tycoon like himself you're
building in charge of building a theater
you're building a clinic you're building
hotels yeah you ain't pretty much all of
this then yep
this is an investment of about 200
million euro dollar it's whatever
and I've never picked up a penny of
profit I love the place and I treated as
a mission I picked up a few missions in
life it's always better to put some
butter I was here why is it that
Russia's so focused on developing Crimea
wallah I have no doubt that Putin is
very much interested to show result in
Crimea let's beyond any doubt he has
something to prove here no the whole
Russian nation has something to prove
here
and what is that they need to prove that
they'll be running the place much better
than it was run by Ukraine Ukraine
neglects it's completely Crimea and so
what the Russians are doing they're
investing ten times of twenty times more
money into infrastructure even putting
back all of the tourists within such a
short period of time the projected boom
in tourism that Russia support would
bring excited a lot of local business
owners people like Oleg supercar who
runs a safari park kanchanaburi Zawadi
tabouleh join team patria TV few stones
Kotori me moons three HTTP decode
criminals are stuff without living
together misty misty yeah you sure yes I
heard you wanted these beasts play a
role in my mayor's return to Russia the
Pravda he said we wish to diminish the
granita Tony way Valley pursue Christ if
not Sonali stay means Kotori luckily
last ruski paddy tom is in storage which
is the most terrible
Tommy Ponderosa Polly movies does means
PAGASA live off the zip cost initial
enthusiasm for Russian Crimea symptoms
of disillusionment
when his business began to suffer how
much does your business down by
establish a tower of humor Kotori will
skunk remove odd not reach an upper
those written in short sir why do you
think that is the tourist numbers are
down
no apparently polish did you see these
grains co-op autocracy wouldn't you see
what you see worth one year trim knuckle
it supposedly artsy enough will it
support those thoughts or skinny some
famous more boring than the different
tourists though is the fact that Crimea
is running dry in large part because in
Ukraine dammed the north Crimean canal
which previously provided
85% of the peninsula's fresh water a
tabular drama degranulation savonia body
at Prost over the craziest Alice Merren
Kaluga what a body
nom watch it energy emissions yeah
demonstrable Strada at which energy is
usually
gurad off yes the problem private is to
illustrate that you do give her over the
tranny region but the Kremlin says it
has a solution to the water problem the
tourist problem and just about every
other problem in the peninsula the Kerch
bridge we visited or construction was
still ongoing
we're standing on the biggest bridge in
Russian history it's gonna be 12 miles
long it stretches all the way from
Russian mainland which is just over
there to Crimea President Putin
triumphantly opened the mega project
earlier this year it was immediately
resulted Kotori Gilead pretty little
darling' she was toppled his shooting
near of sickness you should believe
droop droop now that Russia has further
cemented its grip on Crimea both
physically and symbolically we traveled
to Ukraine's capital Kiev to meet the
people still pushing for you
vacation
[Music]
and the more people very nationalistic
crowd there's a lot of far-right
militias who are coming here to make
their voices heard
[Music]
Luciana Ukraine signature Melissa do the
crocodiles for me over tides the swallow
Karina Ukraine's coho
that's over open neva hard to build she
you make you do you think the Ukraine
can take premier back minister the
hangover of Crimea only emboldened these
far-right militia groups many of whom
are actively fighting Russian
separatists in eastern Ukraine where a
bloody conflict has claimed over 10,000
lives since 2014
but other Ukrainians have focused on
curbing the Kremlin soft power
Ukraine is currently home to over
one-third of Russian Orthodox churches
which are often criticized for being
vessels for Putin's propaganda but in a
historic decision Orthodox leadership
finally agreed to grant the Ukrainian
church independence from Moscow help to
unite all the craniums in one nation how
did the situation where the annexation
of Crimea impacts what's happening now
Ukrainian people they are usually quite
patient but step by step Russia show
little aggression
Aintree have to fight back
[Applause]
[Music]
we arrived here have at a very opportune
moment because the president is about to
make his first speech to union people to
talk about the Declaration of infants of
the Ukrainian church from the russian
orthodox church over my president
ocarina but rho poroshenko say FeliCa
paramore volvo appliance Colorado that
was ghost in a demurrer my samus's ship
in shipwreck analysis chauffeur mr.
toeffler
here the minister she will alimentives a
palooka Nezalezhnosti nationally there's
a
[Applause]
[Music]
this is about more than religion a
hwhile ukrainian parishioners attended
Sunday Mass President Putin took the
news as a major blow the Kremlin
immediately denounced the church's
decision and even said it would defend
Russian believers is threatened in
Ukraine sparking real fears of further
violence
the fear of escalating conflict rang
true just this week
Russia shota and sees three Ukrainian
ships and 24 sailors who are in the
shared waterway of the Kerch Strait
Moscow has maintained a geostrategic
naval base on the peninsula for decades
allowing them to reach Eastern Europe
the Mediterranean and Syria as part of
an effort to monitor the militarization
in the region Ukraine established the
Ministry of temporarily occupied
territories and IDPs headed by Vadim
Spanish so what can you tell us about
any military for example the right
places were asked four hundred team
conflicts established by Russians so
from your satellite images he picked up
three new missile bases here right they
can reach a lot of countries including
Middle East they use Crimea's and
military base so essentially this
ministry was formed in order to try and
take back what Ukraine Caesar's occupied
territories including Crimea what actual
work are you doing to achieve those
goals we are trying to win hearts and
minds of Ukrainians only within occupied
territories it's not a bit late for that
if most people are now happy with the
fact that Russia has taken Crimea we
have been trying to support our
population because their Ukrainian
citizens Russia influence a lot they do
use their secret service they use their
propaganda bribes they demonstrate some
some success in infrastructure
development and they don't want to show
problems in human worth human rights in
Crimea
Russia's abysmal human rights record has
trickled down to Crimea eating the u.s.
to announce additional sanctions in
November 2018 here in Kiev at the
Crimean human rights group works to
collect testimonies and evidence of
illegal detention and torture alexander
scoot across the scales remember
pre-release resource in europe alone
school code a minimum boom
Aleksandr Castillo was eventually moved
to a prison and held for over three
years of assault and possession of
illegal weapons
[Music]
the team here has documented dozens of
cases like this one the founder Olga's
trip Nick was also forced to see her
home in Crimea in 2014 what kind of
activities were these people involved in
in order to get picked up by the Russian
authorities maybe she's sick today one
envelope of Yasin uzuki mastectomy for
more magenta concocted nice tits and
apricot Shana listable blow hearing
about some activists a post office to
polyprotic occupied she Jana pre-code
volodymyr below even cross the pitiful
Krinsky proper lastly I'm Adam of Scilly
illustrate rests a protein your pocket
cruelly criminal is proud recently I
think better or worse Peruvian on Oprah
question article broken no visa not
steric kilkis tequila def con azcar no
post bubble any volatility for today
Soros Lafayette Rajeev
there's almost no reliable data on
what's actually going on in Crimea and
Russia holds a tight grip over all
information coming out recently even
traveling to the peninsula has become
difficult so we wanted to catch up with
Oleg sukhovka zookeeper to ask if things
really have become worse
has there been any change in atmosphere
there I mean now that the Russians have
been there for four years
[Music]
yelling move on your feet besides I got
a good developer by ear let Elizabeth
Eugene equipment with all this worth it
bring in it yeah I mean I used to be
email
[Music]
you